# Pasta

If you want to enjoy Indian style spicy red sauce pasta at home, you have reached your destination. This easy step by step red sauce pasta recipe will help you make an authentic cafe-style dish. You just need simple kitchen ingredients and 30 minutes of your time to make the perfect red sauce pasta! The best part is that you can use veggies of your choice, tweak the sauces and make your pasta as cheesy as you like. Red sauce pasta is the perfect comfort food for the days when are in no mood to cook something elaborate. You will be surprised to know that there are more than 600 shapes of pasta with around 1300 names. This a fact that many people still don’t know about pasta! Of all kinds of pasta, penne, fusilli and spaghetti are some of the commonly used in different cuisines. Here is one of the most popular pasta recipes known as Red Sauce Pasta.

This pasta is traditionally called 'Arrabbiata pasta' and is referred as red sauce pasta because of the red colour of the Arrabbiata sauce, which is prepared using dried chilli peppers, tomatoes, garlic and olive oil. It is very important that you make the red sauce in a traditional way, else the real taste of this pasta will not come through. For the same, try to use the Italian tomatoes which are commonly known as roma tomatoes. This is an aromatic pasta recipe for which you need: Penne pasta, roma tomatoes for puree or tomato puree, basil, parsley, garlic and chilli flakes. All the ingredients are cooked in olive oil, which makes it a healthy choice. This pasta recipe is considered as a spicy dish; however, if you prefer mild spices, you can balance the same by adjusting them as per your taste. You can prepare this dish anytime and it is an excellent choice for occasions like kitty party, birthday, and potluck.

